ob-julia-vterm	git@github.com:sebeaumont/ob-julia-vterm.el.git	* master
org-agenda-extra	git@github.com:sebeaumont/org-agenda-extra.git	* main
org-tree-slide	git@github.com:sebeaumont/org-tree-slide.git	* main
org-julia-mode	git@github.com:sebeaumont/org-julia-mode.git	* main
chuck-mode	https://github.com/jintwo/chuck-mode.git	* master
ox-tufte	https://github.com/ox-tufte/ox-tufte.git	* main
ob-penrose	git@github.com:sebeaumont/ob-penrose.git	* main
org-roam-ui	https://github.com/org-roam/org-roam-ui.git	* main
lean4-mode	git@github.com:sebeaumont/lean4-mode.git	* seb-dev
ob-latex	git@github.com:sebeaumont/ob-latex.git	* main
idris-mode	git@github.com:sebeaumont/idris-mode.git	* seb/fixes
org-lean-mode	git@github.com:sebeaumont/org-lean-mode.git	* vanilla
julia-vterm	git@github.com:sebeaumont/julia-vterm.el.git	* master
epie	git@github.com:sebeaumont/epie.git	* main
org-agda-mode	git@github.com:sebeaumont/org-agda-mode.git	* master
agda-lsp-mode	git@github.com:sebeaumont/agda-lsp-mode.git	* main
org-present-extra	git@github.com:sebeaumont/org-present-extra.git	* main
polymode	git@github.com:sebeaumont/polymode.git	* seb/move-vars
jupyter	git@github.com:sebeaumont/jupyter.git	* master
org-tufte	https://github.com/Zilong-Li/org-tufte.git	* main
org-modern-indent	https://github.com/jdtsmith/org-modern-indent.git	* main
